# Scripts

This contains various scripts used to make our life easier.
They are all intended to be run from the project root, i.e., `./scripts/<whatever>.sh`.

- `add_files_to_ipfs.sh` takes files from a directory and adds the to a local IPFS node, writing a CSV of CIDs and SHA256 hashes.
- `cron-crawl.sh` is the script called by cron to crawl.
- `cron_crawl.sh` is the script called by the above script to actually perform the crawl.
- `cron-download.sh` is the script called by cron to download one CID.
- `cron_download_file.sh` is the script called by the above script to perform the download.
- `generate_files.sh` takes the file sizes generated via R and generates random files based on them.
- `upload_files.sh` uploads the generated files to the machines.
- `get_download_results.sh` collects download results from all the servers and downloads them to the local machine.
- `get_file_lists.sh` downloads the CID lists generated by `add_files_to_ipfs.sh` to the local machine.
- `push_to_download_lists.sh` pushes the shuffled to-download lists generated by R to the respective servers.
- `setup-ipfs.sh` downloads and roughly sets up an IPFS daemon. This still needs some manual work.
- `upload_scripts.sh` uploads the `scripts/` directory to the servers.
- `get-gateway-list.sh` gets the list of public gateways off github.
- `test-gateways.sh` tests whether gateways on the list are reachable and functional from the local machine.
- `get_gateway_test_results.sh` downloads the results of gateway availability tests off the machines.
- `push_functioning_gateways.sh` pushes the list of known functional gateways to the machines.
